Thinking over the notes that Mrinank sent:
1. what your goals are for being here and for the project, what the best outcome would be?
	1. I want to publish. I want to do good science.
2. what's happening in the current dynamic. what assumptions are being made? what actions are being take? how is it impacting, in terms of feelings? what needs are there?
	1. It feels unclear, sometimes I feel like I’m not getting heard.
	2. Frameworks:
		1. I’d love to just push for results ASAP, and spend less time thinking about the "correct" way to do things, until we anticipate that it will become a problem, very soon.
		2. We can verify irreproducibility by just looking at very simple evals—we don’t necessarily even need a script, and we don’t need all this framework and setup to get it running. Just generate 10 completions!
	3. I think last few days have been positive, but I’ve found it really hard to ask for help sometimes, in the past.
		1. I feel like I’ve been slowed down in some aspects, by doing things/using libraries that will not be helpful for me, and only using those libraries because you want me to use them, but you don’t want to run my code.
			1. If you don’t trust my evals, why not run them yourself? Why not sit down with me and run them together?
		2. I find it hard to do my own experiments to verify results that you got, because it’s hard to share.
			1. It was a good step to share a codebase, and it was another good step to get the documentation + terminal commands in.
				1. But why did it take so many conversations and attempts to get this up?
				2. Admittedly, I should have documented my stuff earlier, as soon as you asked, because I do agree that it is helpful. Maybe I’m not responding in the best way, at times.
	4. I know there’s some disagreement about how things are parallelized, experiment vs. component, but this is perhaps not the most relevant topic.

From my previous therapy experience,s I know that I should talk mostly about how I feel, and less about what is being done—because I am less sure about that part.
