# FSMDDB: Filesystem and markdown-based database

Yang Yan
January 2, 2026
<>

It is typical to update textual data without engaging with a standard database system. We describe an ad-hoc database solution where storage and access patterns are constrained to commonplace filesystem and markdown operations, allowing for people without access to more technical tools to manage data in an orderly fashion conducive to import and export. To that end, we also provide scripts which operate on this spec to transform a database of this form (FSMDDB) to/from a traditional relational SQL database.

## 1 Restrictions, concept equivalences

A FSMDDB database is Turing-equivalent to a subset of SQL database capabilities. Namely, we provide the following concepts:

SQL concept|FSMDDB concept
-|-
table|directory
row|file
column (following a specific format)|line, or multiple lines

A table is represented by a directory, and each row in the table occupies a file. Each column in each row occupies one or multiple lines in the file. We describe the specifics of this correspondence in Section 2.

SQL interactions on these concepts are largely accomplished by transforming the FSMDDB into SQL first, performing the interaction, then transforming back. This includes all interactions not listed below, such as `join`, `select`, `create index`, and `where`. We now list a select set of interactions supported natively in FSMDDB.

SQL interaction|FSMDDB interaction
-|-
`insert into`|create file in directory
`update`|modify file
`delete`|delete file
`select` (on a "globbable" set of files)|`find <GLOB> -exec <COMMAND>`

## 2 Naming, spacing, format

Each table must consist of the following columns.

Column name|FSMDDB implementation|Usage
-|-|-
`id`|filename|The filename of a row serves as its unique identifier and sort order.
`title`|`h1` top-level heading|Well-formatted markdown requires titles under `#`, and we use it to represent the “main information” of each row.
`body`|postfix of each file following the first paragraph|Rows should be allowed to contain multi-line data, and we implement it here, using the remaining data of the file to do so.

Additionally, rows may implement custom columns as lines within the first paragraph. Each column must occupy one line. Column types are natively string, but should be interpreted to be automatic during import and export processes. Automatic type detection of these additional columns occurs by coalescing the most probable (mode) type automatically detected across all rows in a table.

We specify this automatic deduction process to allow for non-string types, such as lists of links or dates.

Finally, we describe the default naming scheme for `id`, or the filename of each row. Each filename should be of the format `<author>-<title>.md`, where `<author>` is a representation of the first or primary contributor to the row, and `<title>` is a representation of the `title` column data of the row. Both string representations are to be made from the lowercase alphabet and underscore (`_`).

We provide this document as an example of all the conventions described above.

## 3 Transformation scripts

Finally, we provide `python` scripts to transform a FSMDDB into a SQL database, and vice-versa. SQL operations not supported by FSMDDB should be performed between these transformation steps. This allows for maximum interoperability with traditional SQL databases as well as with other FSMDDBs, in addition to aggregate operations that would be too tedious to perform one row at a time.

```python
# Read a directory into a SQL table.

# TODO.
```

```python
# Write a SQL table into a directory. The table must have columns `id`, `title`, and `body` at the very least.

# TODO.
```
