Things to do today:

1. UTTC
	1. Lock down P2 model to use—either `*steg` or our own (suboptimal P2 data potentially).
		1. I should do some light evals to get this started.
		2. I’ll use our own for now, and transition later if necessary.
	2. Evaluate harmfulness of P2 test set on the P2 model.
		1. Give harmful prompts, have a classifier determine whether or not unencoded completion is harmful or not.
	3. Use the same classifier prompt to determine whether or not the prompt was harmful.
		1. Same FT’d model but prompted with encoded eval.
		2. Anything else?
	4. FT dataset that lies during evals.
5. Anything else?

Evals are fast, mainly timegated by fine-tuning P1 (5.5 hrs) and P2 (1 hr) for W53 and presumably longer for ES.

Results I want for tomorrow 4pm:

1. UTTC (running)
	1. Capabilities GPT 4. (need to figure out if this is doable)
		1. Raw.
		2. P1.
		3. P2.
		4. P1 PL.
		5. P2 PL.
	2. Maliciousness of FT (as judged by 4o).
		1. Raw.
		2. P1.
		3. P2.
	3. UTTC catch rate/maliciousness degradation.
		1. Raw + degradation.
		2. P1 + degradation.
		3. P2 + degradation.
	4. Maliciousness of FT PL (as judged by 4o).
		1. Raw.
		2. P1 PL.
		3. P2 PL.
	5. UTTC catch rate on PL.
		1. Raw + degradation.
		2. P1 PL + degradation.
		3. P2 PL + degradation.
2. TTTC: just 0-shot 4o (no PL) for now. (running)
	1. Maliciousness of FT (as judged by 4o).
		1. Raw.
		2. P1.
		3. P2.
	2. TTTC catch rate on W53.
		1. Raw + degradation.
		2. P1 + degradation.
		3. P2 + degradation.
	3. TTTC catch rate on ES.
		1. Raw + degradation.
		2. P1 + degradation.
		3. P2 + degradation.

Remaining data tasks:

1. ES P1, P2 (PL is pretty free).

Remaining FT tasks:

1. Re-FT P1 (ready), P2. (low prio)
2. P1 PL (running), P2 PL (ready).
3. P1 ES (running), P2 ES (ready).
4. P1 ES PL (ready), P2 ES PL. (low prio)
