<!-- emilia-snapshot-properties
Thoughts on CF1787
2023/01/31
utulek
emilia-snapshot-properties -->

# Thoughts on CF1787

January 31, 2023
Útulek Series, 8

## 1 Countability and convergence

While working out some probabilites (<https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/60442>), I came to wonder why we distinguish to countability vs. uncountability at all. I found this link: <https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/376833/what-is-the-point-of-countable-vs-uncountable-sets>.

It’s a little like convergence and divergence. (Un)countability and (di/con)vergence are binary representations of the measure of a subset, and the function complexity, respectively.

1. Set $S\subset T$ is countable $\iff$ $\mu(S)$ (measure) $=0$.
   1. Set $S\subset T$ is uncountable $\iff$ $\mu(S)$ (measure) $\neq 0$.
2. Series $S$ converges $\iff S\in O(1)$.
   1. Series $S$ diverges $\iff S\in \omega(1)$, or alternatively $S\notin O(1)$.

It is straightforward how the measure of a set might matter.

## 1 Independent variables enable DP

The core observation of [1787C](https://codeforces.com/contest/1787/problem/C) reduces the solution space from $O(N^N)$ to $O(2^N)$ by recognizing that each of the $N-2$ choices of $x_i$ can only each be the maximum or minimum $x_i$ for that $a_i$.

A second observation takes this $O(2^N)$ search spaces into an $O(N)$ DP. Generally, I believe this second reduction of $N$ variables, each with $K$ choices, from $O(K^N)$ to $O(NK^M)=O(NK)$ via DP, is only possible because the effect of each variable upon the others is localized, i.e. independent from $O(N)$ of the other variables, with $M\in O(1)$ being the number of depedent variables per variable.

Visually, the $O(K^N)$ space is an $N$-dimensional cuboid. Luckily, each one-dimensional cross-section we take of this manifold has the same shape, regardless of the other $N-M$ variables chosen. Thus, the global minimum must lie at the global minimum of each of the one-dimensional cross-sections, which only need $O(K^M)$ time to evaluate each.
